Introduce `other_options[:required]` for field partials (#513)
bullet-train-co/bullet_train-core: bullet_train/docs/field-partials.md

* `options: {required: true}` gives a visual indicator that the field is required AND triggers client-side validation.
* `other_options: {required: true}` only gives a visual indicator that the field is required.

We will attempt to determine a value for the `other_options[:required]` option if it is not passed in explicitly.
If `other_options[:required]` is not passed in we'll check to see if `options[:required]` is passed in.
If so, we'll use that value. If neither option is explicitly passed in then we fallback to checking whether
there is a validation for `presence` on the attribute for that field.

Usually you should stick to using `other_options[:required]` to mark fields as required (_only_ if they don't get marked automatically).

If you pass `options[:required]` you'll be triggering a client-side validation, and many browsers would prvent the form from being submitted with out a value.

The way that browsers communicate info about client-side validations varies from browser to browswer and is not easily controller or styled.

For these reasons we generally recommend that you start with server-side validations and avoid using client-side validations for most simple forms.

> If you want to use client-side validations, and you want to be able to control the user experience [this article should give you a good starting place to work from.](https://www.jorgemanrubia.com/2019/02/16/form-validations-with-html5-and-modern-rails/)

Reviewer: This seems like a fair bit of documentation for this relatively small quirk. I want to see if I can condense it a bit 😊

> ## `options: {required: true}` vs. `other_options:{required: true}`
> 
> In short:
> 
> * `options: {required: true}` gives a visual indicator that the field is required AND triggers client-side validation.
> * `other_options: {required: true}` only gives a visual indicator that the field is required.
> 
> We will attempt to determine a value for the `other_options[:required]` option if it is not passed in explicitly.
> If `other_options[:required]` is not passed in we'll check to see if `options[:required]` is passed in.
> If so, we'll use that value. If neither option is explicitly passed in then we fallback to checking whether
> there is a validation for `presence` on the attribute for that field.
> 
> Usually you should stick to using `other_options[:required]` to mark fields as required (_only_ if they don't get marked automatically).
> 
> If you pass `options[:required]` you'll be triggering a client-side validation, and many browsers would prvent the form from being submitted with out a value.
> 
> The way that browsers communicate info about client-side validations varies from browser to browswer and is not easily controller or styled.
> 
> For these reasons we generally recommend that you start with server-side validations and avoid using client-side validations for most simple forms.
> 
> If you want to use client-side validations, and you want to be able to control the user experience [this article should give you a good starting place to work from.](https://www.jorgemanrubia.com/2019/02/16/form-validations-with-html5-and-modern-rails/)

Reviewer: Ok, here's a stab at it! I think it's important to stress our default presence validation so people know that they might not need to do anything, and that these options are an extra specialization.

If we link out to MDN for the `required` attribute, we can save having to explain how it works here.

The documentation focused a lot on client-side validation, but I don't think we really need all that here, we just need to be clear about our recommendation so users know what to do.

```suggestion
## `required`: through presence validation vs. `options: {required: true}` vs. `other_options:{required: true}`

By default, where there's a presence validation on the model attribute, we add an asterisk to indicate the field is required. For fields without a presence validation, you have options to pass the `:required` detail:

1. `other_options: {required: true}` adds the asterisk to the field manually.
2. `options: {required: true}` adds asterisk but also triggers client-side validation via the [`required`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/required) attribute.

Since client-side validations vary from browser to browser, we recommend relying on server-side validation for most forms, and thus mostly using `other_options[:required]`.
```

Author: I could see an argument that my original was too long, but I think this suggestion may have gone too sparse. Lemme think on this a bit. 🤔

Reviewer: Yeah, totally! Trying to read it as a user, it just felt like I got a ton of stuff thrown me that didn't necessarily seem to help me decide between the options of the current problem I'm facing. But maybe I'm misunderstanding the scope of this documentation page and that it's meant to be more general purpose.

Author: Let's go with the shorter version for now and update it if there's still confusion.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me, and yeah, we can always tweak documentation!
